.TH cxm "1" "September 2010" "cxm 0.5" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
cxm \- Clustered Xen Management tool
.SH SYNOPSIS
cxm create <vm> | shutdown <vm> | destroy <vm> | migrate <vm> <dest> | search <vm> | console <vm> | activate <vm> | deactivate <vm> | loadbalance | infos | list | check | eject [option]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This command is used to manage virtuals machines on a cluster of Xen nodes.
.SS "options:"
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fR
show program's version number and exit
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
show this help message and exit
.TP
\fB\-d\fR, \fB\-\-debug\fR
Enable debug mode
.TP
\fB\-f\fR hostname, \fB\-\-force\-node\fR=\fIhostname\fR
Specify the node to operate with
.TP
\fB\-q\fR, \fB\-\-quiet\fR
Quiet mode: suppress extra outputs
.TP
\fB\-s\fR, \fB\-\-use\-ssh\fR
Use SSH instead of Xen\-API
.TP
\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-console\fR
Attach console to the domain as soon as it has
started.
.SH SUBCOMMANDS
.SS "infos"
.TP
Show the state of the cluster, with each active node and their load.
.SS "list"
.TP
Display the list of started VM for eath nodes. If \fB\-\-force\-node\fR is given, show only or the specified node.
.SS "create <fqdn>"
.TP
Start the virtual machine. If \fB\-\-force\-node\fR is not given, the vm will be starting on the node holding the 'auto' symlink.
.SS "shutdown <fqdn>"
.TP
Shutdown the virtual machine. If \fB\-\-force\-node\fR is not given, the vm will be search on the cluster.
.SS "destroy <fqdn>"
.TP
Immediately terminate the virtual machine. If \fB\-\-force\-node\fR is not given, the vm will be search on the cluster.
.SS "migrate <fqdn> <dest_node>"
.TP
Live migrate the virtual machine. If \fB\-\-force\-node\fR is not given, the vm will be search on the cluster.
.SS "loadbalance"
.TP
Run the loadbalancer to equilibrate load on each node.
.SS "search <fqdn>"
.TP
Search the cluster for the virtual machine. 'auto' symlinks founds are also reported.
.SS "console <fqdn>"
.TP
Attach console to the virtual machine. This command work only on localhost.
.SS "activate <fqdn>"
.TP
Activate all the Logicals Volumes of the virtual machine. If \fB\-\-force\-node\fR is not given, operation is done on localhost.
.SS "deactivate <fqdn>"
.TP
Dectivate all the Logicals Volumes of the virtual machine. If \fB\-\-force\-node\fR is not given, operation is done on localhost.
.SS "check"
.TP
Perform a sanity check of the cluster. Miss-activation or missing VM are reported.
.SS "eject"
.TP
Migrate all running VM on localhost to others nodes.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
xm(1)
.SH BUGS
No known bugs.
.SH AUTHOR
Nicolas AGIUS <nagius@astek.fr>
